Security recommendation (#1)
boucadair/add-resolver-information: draft-ietf-add-resolver-info.md

#  Security Considerations

>    In order to prevent a DNS response forgery attack, DNS clients MUST either use an authenticated secure

Author: ```suggestion
   In order to prevent DNS response forgery attacks, DNS clients MUST either use an authenticated secure
```
